1). 
  on-chip protocol:Data transfer within the soc.
  Peripheral protocol: Data transfer between peripeheral devices like USB etc
                       and soc.

2). The standard rules or procedures followed in order to transfer data
    between components within chip or between chip and peripheral devices.

3). 
(a). APB:low performance, low power, low price     
     AHB:mid performance, mid power, mid price     
     AXI:High performance, High power, High price    

(b). APB belongs to the on-chip protocol category.

(c). KBD controller assists processor on keyboard inputs, hence it needs
    processor and keyboard interfaces.
    i). APB protocol is chosen based on data transfer capabilities from one
    interface to other.So, in case of KBD controller data transfer speed
    providede by the APB protocol is suffiecient. 

(d). USB controller assists processor on data transfer between USB device and
    processor, hence it needs two interfaces.
    i). Interrupt controllers are used.

(e). AHB will be used for connecting processors with DMA and memory
    controllers. 

(f). Work load on processor increases because it has do the work of keyboard
    controller as well along with its other work, which simply reduces the
    performance and speed of response.

4). 
(b). APB is on chip
(c). System architecture will be organized one, which will be adhering to the
    rules of protocols.
(i). Paddr,Penable,Psel,Perror,Pwdata,prdata,pwrite,pready
(f). control signals: penable,psel,pwrite,pready
     Data signals: paddr,perror,pwdata,prdata
(g). Handshaking made possible by penable and pready going high.
(h). The valid data which has to be sent will be kept ready by making
    penable=1, and when pready goes 1 the data will be latched.

6). 
(a). One of the fundamental work of soc's is to serve the user inputs. This
    user inputs are nothing but the interrupts.
(b). Interrupt controller assists processors on basis of  priority or
    arbitrary solving techniques in serving the interrupts raised.This
    preprocessed interrupts helps a lot in maintaining processor performance
    stable, because without controller processor has to do the job of controller
    as well, which consumes more time. 
(c). trainer=processor
    admin=interrupt controller
    students=peripheral controllers
(d). Each bit of interrupt_active_port represents each peripheral
    controllers.That's why we are using 16 bits in this case.
(e). APB protocol is used whenever need of programming reisters inside
    soc's.Since it is simplest on-chip protocol.
(f). Priority reisters are requiered to store the priority weightage given to
    each peripheral controllers.
